source/faq/index.md, before:

---
title: Frequently asked questions
date: 2023-07-26 11:35:15
---

#### What is your blog all about?

The purpose of this website is to give you a small overview about my projects, interests and opinions.

#### How can I contact the author/administrator of the blog?

Mail: tim.kicker@protonmail.com

Twitter: [@timjkicker](https://twitter.com/timjkicker/)

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-kicker/ 

#### Are the articles on this blog written by a single author or multiple contributors?

At the time of writing, all blogs were completely done by myself.

#### How can I support your blog?

Share, share, share. If you really want to [buy me a coffe](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/timkicker) tho, i'd be thankfull.

 ####   Can I contribute to your blog as a guest writer?

Sure! Just contact me and we can figure something out.

  ####  How often is the blog updated?

Whenever i find an interesting topic.

 #### Where can I find the archives of older blog posts?

Right under the [archives](https://tim.kicker.dev/archives/).

   #### How do I subscribe to the blog to receive updates

You can either subscribe to my [RSS feed](https://tim.kicker.dev/rss) or activate browser notifications using this button ( I know, that one looks funny):

<span id="webpushr-subscription-toggle-button"  width="150" height="150"  data-size="1.1" data-text-when-denied="You've blocked push notifications." data-tooltip-position="right" data-color="#2c7be5"></span>

If you've blocked notifications from my blog, you won't see it though. (It should be a blue box above this text)

#### What topics does your Blog cover?

Literally anything that's interesting to me. But mostly tech stuff.

#### Are there any specific guidelines for commenting on blog posts?

No. Pure freedome.

(Looking at you Elon)

#### Can I share articles from this blog on social media platforms?

I would be reeaaaally happy if you did.

#### Does your blog accept sponsored posts or collaborations?

Yesssss

#### Are there any advertising opportunities available on the blog?

Contact me and maybe we can figure something out.

#### How can I report an issue with a blog post or the website?

Just through the normal contact details.

#### Does your blog have a privacy policy? Where can I find it?

Sadly not yet. I am currently collecting anonymous user data. You can view what's collected on [my stats-page](https://stats.kicker.dev/share/1Ui8dKfjsfQGAVs5/tim.kicker.dev).
I also submitted this site to the google & bing developer consoles to measure my search engine rating.
I do not use google analytics (even if some comments in the html state otherwise).

#### Can I request a specific topic to be covered in a future blog post?

Of course!

#### Does your blog offer any free resources or downloads?

It is entirely [open source](https://git.kicker.dev/timkicker/tim.kicker.dev).

#### How can I unsubscribe from notifications

Just look into your browser settings under "website notifications". c:

Commit message:

switch from hexo view to markdown

source/faq/index.md, after:

---
title: Frequently asked questions
date: 2023-07-26 11:35:15
---

#### What is your blog all about?

The purpose of this website is to give you a small overview about my projects, interests and opinions.

#### How can I contact the author/administrator of the blog?

Mail: tim.kicker@protonmail.com

Twitter: [@timjkicker](https://twitter.com/timjkicker/)

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tim-kicker/ 

#### Are the articles on this blog written by a single author or multiple contributors?

At the time of writing, all blogs were completely done by myself.

#### How can I support your blog?

Share, share, share. If you really want to [buy me a coffe](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/timkicker) tho, i'd be thankfull.

 ####   Can I contribute to your blog as a guest writer?

Sure! Just contact me and we can figure something out.

  ####  How often is the blog updated?

Whenever i find an interesting topic.

 #### Where can I find the archives of older blog posts?

Right under the [archives](https://tim.kicker.dev/archives/).

   #### How do I subscribe to the blog to receive updates

You can either subscribe to my [RSS feed](https://tim.kicker.dev/rss) or activate browser notifications using this button ( I know, that one looks funny):

<span id="webpushr-subscription-toggle-button"  width="150" height="150"  data-size="1.1" data-text-when-denied="You've blocked push notifications." data-tooltip-position="right" data-color="#2c7be5"></span>

If you've blocked notifications from my blog, you won't see it though. (It should be a blue box above this text)

#### What topics does your Blog cover?

Literally anything that's interesting to me. But mostly tech stuff.

#### Are there any specific guidelines for commenting on blog posts?

No. Pure freedome.

(Looking at you Elon)

#### Can I share articles from this blog on social media platforms?

I would be reeaaaally happy if you did.

#### Does your blog accept sponsored posts or collaborations?

Yesssss

#### Are there any advertising opportunities available on the blog?

Contact me and maybe we can figure something out.

#### How can I report an issue with a blog post or the website?

Just through the normal contact details.

#### Does your blog have a privacy policy? Where can I find it?

Sadly not yet. I am currently collecting anonymous user data. You can view what's collected on [my stats-page](https://stats.kicker.dev/share/1Ui8dKfjsfQGAVs5/tim.kicker.dev).
I also submitted this site to the google & bing developer consoles to measure my search engine rating.
It is important to mention, that i do not use google analytics (even if some comments in the html state otherwise). Additionally, i just recently moved from disqus to [isso](https://isso-comments.de/), which is a selfhosted and privacy respecting alternative.

#### Can I request a specific topic to be covered in a future blog post?

Of course!

#### Does your blog offer any free resources or downloads?

It is entirely [open source](https://git.kicker.dev/timkicker/tim.kicker.dev).

#### How can I unsubscribe from notifications

Just look into your browser settings under "website notifications". c:
